1.
As I plotted words like "was", "the", and "they" the bars seemed to remain consistent no matter the gender.
Some of the y-values for women were larger for low, medium, or high while some of the y-values for men
were larger for low, medium, or high. There seemed to be no correlation for neutral words. However, as
I searched up more descriptive words such as "smart," "genius," and "brilliant" all were in the majority
of men reviews. These words connotating to intelligence were used a lot more frequently for men
than women. The word "annoying" had a very stark bias for women in low reviews. There were significantly
more low reviews that had the word "annoying" than men. The word "mean" was used more often for men
in low reviews, but were used more than 2x as much for women in the medium reviews.

2.
If I were to design this ratings website, I would allow the Professor who is getting rated to be
able to manually switch their gender if need be. I think this would allow a more inclusive website
to fit to the needs of the Professors if students were to get their gender identity wrong. For those
who identify as nonbinary, I would implement a third category to say if the professor identified as
nonbinary. I would also add an "unsure" section if the student does not know. This would work
with the Professor to manually switch their identify if they do classify as nonbinary, but the student
did not know.

3.
One problem similar to this topic would be getting a more diverse set of professors for classes
related to history and English. Schools' curriculums are filled with very eurocentric topics
and themes. Events in history are often told from a single perspective or gloss over many of the
achievements made by BIPOC communities. Creating a project to look into the race of professors in
classes that should be taught by BIPOC professors would highlight the need to diversify our
education system. The values being implemented would be for the sake of increasing diversity and
inclusion. The problem being solved would be to create a more diverse set teachers who can relate
to kids who have grown up without representation in their community.